ISO_Language_Code_Table.md, before:

**ISO Language Code Table**

| Code   | Name                                                    |
| ------ | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| af     | Afrikaans                                               |
| af-ZA  | Afrikaans (South Africa)                                |
| ar     | Arabic                                                  |
| ar-AE  | Arabic (U.A.E.)                                         |
| ar-BH  | Arabic (Bahrain)                                        |
| ar-DZ  | Arabic (Algeria)                                        |
| ar-EG  | Arabic (Egypt)                                          |
| ar-IQ  | Arabic (Iraq)                                           |
| ar-JO  | Arabic (Jordan)                                         |
| ar-KW  | Arabic (Kuwait)                                         |
| ar-LB  | Arabic (Lebanon)                                        |
| ar-LY  | Arabic (Libya)                                          |
| ar-MA  | Arabic (Morocco)                                        |
| ar-OM  | Arabic (Oman)                                           |
| ar-QA  | Arabic (Qatar)                                          |
| ar-SA  | Arabic (Saudi Arabia)                                   |
| ar-SY  | Arabic (Syria)                                          |
| ar-TN  | Arabic (Tunisia)                                        |
| ar-YE  | Arabic (Yemen)                                          |
| az     | Azeri (Latin)                                           |
| az-AZ  | Azeri (Latin) (Azerbaijan)                              |
| az-AZ  | Azeri (Cyrillic) (Azerbaijan)                           |
| be     | Belarusian                                              |
| be-BY  | Belarusian (Belarus)                                    |
| bg     | Bulgarian                                               |
| bg-BG  | Bulgarian (Bulgaria)                                    |
| bs-BA  | Bosnian (Bosnia and Herzegovina)                        |
| ca     | Catalan                                                 |
| ca-ES  | Catalan (Spain)                                         |
| cs     | Czech                                                   |
| cs-CZ  | Czech (Czech Republic)                                  |
| cy     | Welsh                                                   |
| cy-GB  | Welsh (United Kingdom)                                  |
| da     | Danish                                                  |
| da-DK  | Danish (Denmark)                                        |
| de     | German                                                  |
| de-AT  | German (Austria)                                        |
| de-CH  | German (Switzerland)                                    |
| de-DE  | German (Germany)                                        |
| de-LI  | German (Liechtenstein)                                  |
| de-LU  | German (Luxembourg)                                     |
| dv     | Divehi                                                  |
| dv-MV  | Divehi (Maldives)                                       |
| el     | Greek                                                   |
| el-GR  | Greek (Greece)                                          |
| en     | English                                                 |
| en-AU  | English (Australia)                                     |
| en-BZ  | English (Belize)                                        |
| en-CA  | English (Canada)                                        |
| en-CB  | English (Caribbean)                                     |
| en-GB  | English (United Kingdom)                                |
| en-IE  | English (Ireland)                                       |
| en-JM  | English (Jamaica)                                       |
| en-NZ  | English (New Zealand)                                   |
| en-PH  | English (Republic of the Philippines)                   |
| en-TT  | English (Trinidad and Tobago)                           |
| en-US  | English (United States)                                 |
| en-ZA  | English (South Africa)                                  |
| en-ZW  | English (Zimbabwe)                                      |
| eo     | Esperanto                                               |
| es     | Spanish                                                 |
| es-AR  | Spanish (Argentina)                                     |
| es-BO  | Spanish (Bolivia)                                       |
| es-CL  | Spanish (Chile)                                         |
| es-CO  | Spanish (Colombia)                                      |
| es-CR  | Spanish (Costa Rica)                                    |
| es-DO  | Spanish (Dominican Republic)                            |
| es-EC  | Spanish (Ecuador)                                       |
| es-ES  | Spanish (Castilian)                                     |
| es-ES  | Spanish (Spain)                                         |
| es-GT  | Spanish (Guatemala)                                     |
| es-HN  | Spanish (Honduras)                                      |
| es-MX  | Spanish (Mexico)                                        |
| es-NI  | Spanish (Nicaragua)                                     |
| es-PA  | Spanish (Panama)                                        |
| es-PE  | Spanish (Peru)                                          |
| es-PR  | Spanish (Puerto Rico)                                   |
| es-PY  | Spanish (Paraguay)                                      |
| es-SV  | Spanish (El Salvador)                                   |
| es-UY  | Spanish (Uruguay)                                       |
| es-VE  | Spanish (Venezuela)                                     |
| et     | Estonian                                                |
| et-EE  | Estonian (Estonia)                                      |
| eu     | Basque                                                  |
| eu-ES  | Basque (Spain)                                          |
| fa     | Farsi                                                   |
| fa-IR  | Farsi (Iran)                                            |
| fi     | Finnish                                                 |
| fi-FI  | Finnish (Finland)                                       |
| fo     | Faroese                                                 |
| fo-FO  | Faroese (Faroe Islands)                                 |
| fr     | French                                                  |
| fr-BE  | French (Belgium)                                        |
| fr-CA  | French (Canada)                                         |
| fr-CH  | French (Switzerland)                                    |
| fr-FR  | French (France)                                         |
| fr-LU  | French (Luxembourg)                                     |
| fr-MC  | French (Principality of Monaco)                         |
| gl     | Galician                                                |
| gl-ES  | Galician (Spain)                                        |
| gu     | Gujarati                                                |
| gu-IN  | Gujarati (India)                                        |
| he     | Hebrew                                                  |
| he-IL  | Hebrew (Israel)                                         |
| hi     | Hindi                                                   |
| hi-IN  | Hindi (India)                                           |
| hr     | Croatian                                                |
| hr-BA  | Croatian (Bosnia and Herzegovina)                       |
| hr-HR  | Croatian (Croatia)                                      |
| hu     | Hungarian                                               |
| hu-HU  | Hungarian (Hungary)                                     |
| hy     | Armenian                                                |
| hy-AM  | Armenian (Armenia)                                      |
| id     | Indonesian                                              |
| id-ID  | Indonesian (Indonesia)                                  |
| is     | Icelandic                                               |
| is-IS  | Icelandic (Iceland)                                     |
| it     | Italian                                                 |
| it-CH  | Italian (Switzerland)                                   |
| it-IT  | Italian (Italy)                                         |
| ja     | Japanese                                                |
| ja-JP  | Japanese (Japan)                                        |
| ka     | Georgian                                                |
| ka-GE  | Georgian (Georgia)                                      |
| kk     | Kazakh                                                  |
| kk-KZ  | Kazakh (Kazakhstan)                                     |
| kn     | Kannada                                                 |
| kn-IN  | Kannada (India)                                         |
| ko     | Korean                                                  |
| ko-KR  | Korean (Korea)                                          |
| kok    | Konkani                                                 |
| kok-IN | Konkani (India)                                         |
| ky     | Kyrgyz                                                  |
| ky-KG  | Kyrgyz (Kyrgyzstan)                                     |
| lt     | Lithuanian                                              |
| lt-LT  | Lithuanian (Lithuania)                                  |
| lv     | Latvian                                                 |
| lv-LV  | Latvian (Latvia)                                        |
| mi     | Maori                                                   |
| mi-NZ  | Maori (New Zealand)                                     |
| mk     | FYRO Macedonian                                         |
| mk-MK  | FYRO Macedonian (Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia) |
| mn     | Mongolian                                               |
| mn-MN  | Mongolian (Mongolia)                                    |
| mr     | Marathi                                                 |
| mr-IN  | Marathi (India)                                         |
| ms     | Malay                                                   |
| ms-BN  | Malay (Brunei Darussalam)                               |
| ms-MY  | Malay (Malaysia)                                        |
| mt     | Maltese                                                 |
| mt-MT  | Maltese (Malta)                                         |
| nb     | Norwegian (Bokm?l)                                      |
| nb-NO  | Norwegian (Bokm?l) (Norway)                             |
| nl     | Dutch                                                   |
| nl-BE  | Dutch (Belgium)                                         |
| nl-NL  | Dutch (Netherlands)                                     |
| nn-NO  | Norwegian (Nynorsk) (Norway)                            |
| ns     | Northern Sotho                                          |
| ns-ZA  | Northern Sotho (South Africa)                           |
| pa     | Punjabi                                                 |
| pa-IN  | Punjabi (India)                                         |
| pl     | Polish                                                  |
| pl-PL  | Polish (Poland)                                         |
| ps     | Pashto                                                  |
| ps-AR  | Pashto (Afghanistan)                                    |
| pt     | Portuguese                                              |
| pt-BR  | Portuguese (Brazil)                                     |
| pt-PT  | Portuguese (Portugal)                                   |
| qu     | Quechua                                                 |
| qu-BO  | Quechua (Bolivia)                                       |
| qu-EC  | Quechua (Ecuador)                                       |
| qu-PE  | Quechua (Peru)                                          |
| ro     | Romanian                                                |
| ro-RO  | Romanian (Romania)                                      |
| ru     | Russian                                                 |
| ru-RU  | Russian (Russia)                                        |
| sa     | Sanskrit                                                |
| sa-IN  | Sanskrit (India)                                        |
| se     | Sami (Northern)                                         |
| se-FI  | Sami (Northern) (Finland)                               |
| se-FI  | Sami (Skolt) (Finland)                                  |
| se-FI  | Sami (Inari) (Finland)                                  |
| se-NO  | Sami (Northern) (Norway)                                |
| se-NO  | Sami (Lule) (Norway)                                    |
| se-NO  | Sami (Southern) (Norway)                                |
| se-SE  | Sami (Northern) (Sweden)                                |
| se-SE  | Sami (Lule) (Sweden)                                    |
| se-SE  | Sami (Southern) (Sweden)                                |
| sk     | Slovak                                                  |
| sk-SK  | Slovak (Slovakia)                                       |
| sl     | Slovenian                                               |
| sl-SI  | Slovenian (Slovenia)                                    |
| sq     | Albanian                                                |
| sq-AL  | Albanian (Albania)                                      |
| sr-BA  | Serbian (Latin) (Bosnia and Herzegovina)                |
| sr-BA  | Serbian (Cyrillic) (Bosnia and Herzegovina)             |
| sr-SP  | Serbian (Latin) (Serbia and Montenegro)                 |
| sr-SP  | Serbian (Cyrillic) (Serbia and Montenegro)              |
| sv     | Swedish                                                 |
| sv-FI  | Swedish (Finland)                                       |
| sv-SE  | Swedish (Sweden)                                        |
| sw     | Swahili                                                 |
| sw-KE  | Swahili (Kenya)                                         |
| syr    | Syriac                                                  |
| syr-SY | Syriac (Syria)                                          |
| ta     | Tamil                                                   |
| ta-IN  | Tamil (India)                                           |
| te     | Telugu                                                  |
| te-IN  | Telugu (India)                                          |
| th     | Thai                                                    |
| th-TH  | Thai (Thailand)                                         |
| tl     | Tagalog                                                 |
| tl-PH  | Tagalog (Philippines)                                   |
| tn     | Tswana                                                  |
| tn-ZA  | Tswana (South Africa)                                   |
| tr     | Turkish                                                 |
| tr-TR  | Turkish (Turkey)                                        |
| tt     | Tatar                                                   |
| tt-RU  | Tatar (Russia)                                          |
| ts     | Tsonga                                                  |
| uk     | Ukrainian                                               |
| uk-UA  | Ukrainian (Ukraine)                                     |
| ur     | Urdu                                                    |
| ur-PK  | Urdu (Islamic Republic of Pakistan)                     |
| uz     | Uzbek (Latin)                                           |
| uz-UZ  | Uzbek (Latin) (Uzbekistan)                              |
| uz-UZ  | Uzbek (Cyrillic) (Uzbekistan)                           |
| vi     | Vietnamese                                              |
| vi-VN  | Vietnamese (Viet Nam)                                   |
| xh     | Xhosa                                                   |
| xh-ZA  | Xhosa (South Africa)                                    |
| zh     | Chinese                                                 |
| zh-CN  | Chinese (S)                                             |
| zh-HK  | Chinese (Hong Kong)                                     |
| zh-MO  | Chinese (Macau)                                         |
| zh-SG  | Chinese (Singapore)                                     |
| zh-TW  | Chinese (T)                                             |
| zu     | Zulu                                                    |
| zu-ZA  | Zulu (South Africa)                                     |

Commit message:

docs: update translation instruction
- the language code should be joined with underscore '_' not '-'
- update contributors list

ISO_Language_Code_Table.md, after:

## ISO Language Code Table

### For Qt programs, the language code portion of the translated `.ts` file name should be separated by an underscore `_`, not a minus `-`sign.

| Code   | Name                                                    |
| ------ | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| af     | Afrikaans                                               |
| af-ZA  | Afrikaans (South Africa)                                |
| ar     | Arabic                                                  |
| ar-AE  | Arabic (U.A.E.)                                         |
| ar-BH  | Arabic (Bahrain)                                        |
| ar-DZ  | Arabic (Algeria)                                        |
| ar-EG  | Arabic (Egypt)                                          |
| ar-IQ  | Arabic (Iraq)                                           |
| ar-JO  | Arabic (Jordan)                                         |
| ar-KW  | Arabic (Kuwait)                                         |
| ar-LB  | Arabic (Lebanon)                                        |
| ar-LY  | Arabic (Libya)                                          |
| ar-MA  | Arabic (Morocco)                                        |
| ar-OM  | Arabic (Oman)                                           |
| ar-QA  | Arabic (Qatar)                                          |
| ar-SA  | Arabic (Saudi Arabia)                                   |
| ar-SY  | Arabic (Syria)                                          |
| ar-TN  | Arabic (Tunisia)                                        |
| ar-YE  | Arabic (Yemen)                                          |
| az     | Azeri (Latin)                                           |
| az-AZ  | Azeri (Latin) (Azerbaijan)                              |
| az-AZ  | Azeri (Cyrillic) (Azerbaijan)                           |
| be     | Belarusian                                              |
| be-BY  | Belarusian (Belarus)                                    |
| bg     | Bulgarian                                               |
| bg-BG  | Bulgarian (Bulgaria)                                    |
| bs-BA  | Bosnian (Bosnia and Herzegovina)                        |
| ca     | Catalan                                                 |
| ca-ES  | Catalan (Spain)                                         |
| cs     | Czech                                                   |
| cs-CZ  | Czech (Czech Republic)                                  |
| cy     | Welsh                                                   |
| cy-GB  | Welsh (United Kingdom)                                  |
| da     | Danish                                                  |
| da-DK  | Danish (Denmark)                                        |
| de     | German                                                  |
| de-AT  | German (Austria)                                        |
| de-CH  | German (Switzerland)                                    |
| de-DE  | German (Germany)                                        |
| de-LI  | German (Liechtenstein)                                  |
| de-LU  | German (Luxembourg)                                     |
| dv     | Divehi                                                  |
| dv-MV  | Divehi (Maldives)                                       |
| el     | Greek                                                   |
| el-GR  | Greek (Greece)                                          |
| en     | English                                                 |
| en-AU  | English (Australia)                                     |
| en-BZ  | English (Belize)                                        |
| en-CA  | English (Canada)                                        |
| en-CB  | English (Caribbean)                                     |
| en-GB  | English (United Kingdom)                                |
| en-IE  | English (Ireland)                                       |
| en-JM  | English (Jamaica)                                       |
| en-NZ  | English (New Zealand)                                   |
| en-PH  | English (Republic of the Philippines)                   |
| en-TT  | English (Trinidad and Tobago)                           |
| en-US  | English (United States)                                 |
| en-ZA  | English (South Africa)                                  |
| en-ZW  | English (Zimbabwe)                                      |
| eo     | Esperanto                                               |
| es     | Spanish                                                 |
| es-AR  | Spanish (Argentina)                                     |
| es-BO  | Spanish (Bolivia)                                       |
| es-CL  | Spanish (Chile)                                         |
| es-CO  | Spanish (Colombia)                                      |
| es-CR  | Spanish (Costa Rica)                                    |
| es-DO  | Spanish (Dominican Republic)                            |
| es-EC  | Spanish (Ecuador)                                       |
| es-ES  | Spanish (Castilian)                                     |
| es-ES  | Spanish (Spain)                                         |
| es-GT  | Spanish (Guatemala)                                     |
| es-HN  | Spanish (Honduras)                                      |
| es-MX  | Spanish (Mexico)                                        |
| es-NI  | Spanish (Nicaragua)                                     |
| es-PA  | Spanish (Panama)                                        |
| es-PE  | Spanish (Peru)                                          |
| es-PR  | Spanish (Puerto Rico)                                   |
| es-PY  | Spanish (Paraguay)                                      |
| es-SV  | Spanish (El Salvador)                                   |
| es-UY  | Spanish (Uruguay)                                       |
| es-VE  | Spanish (Venezuela)                                     |
| et     | Estonian                                                |
| et-EE  | Estonian (Estonia)                                      |
| eu     | Basque                                                  |
| eu-ES  | Basque (Spain)                                          |
| fa     | Farsi                                                   |
| fa-IR  | Farsi (Iran)                                            |
| fi     | Finnish                                                 |
| fi-FI  | Finnish (Finland)                                       |
| fo     | Faroese                                                 |
| fo-FO  | Faroese (Faroe Islands)                                 |
| fr     | French                                                  |
| fr-BE  | French (Belgium)                                        |
| fr-CA  | French (Canada)                                         |
| fr-CH  | French (Switzerland)                                    |
| fr-FR  | French (France)                                         |
| fr-LU  | French (Luxembourg)                                     |
| fr-MC  | French (Principality of Monaco)                         |
| gl     | Galician                                                |
| gl-ES  | Galician (Spain)                                        |
| gu     | Gujarati                                                |
| gu-IN  | Gujarati (India)                                        |
| he     | Hebrew                                                  |
| he-IL  | Hebrew (Israel)                                         |
| hi     | Hindi                                                   |
| hi-IN  | Hindi (India)                                           |
| hr     | Croatian                                                |
| hr-BA  | Croatian (Bosnia and Herzegovina)                       |
| hr-HR  | Croatian (Croatia)                                      |
| hu     | Hungarian                                               |
| hu-HU  | Hungarian (Hungary)                                     |
| hy     | Armenian                                                |
| hy-AM  | Armenian (Armenia)                                      |
| id     | Indonesian                                              |
| id-ID  | Indonesian (Indonesia)                                  |
| is     | Icelandic                                               |
| is-IS  | Icelandic (Iceland)                                     |
| it     | Italian                                                 |
| it-CH  | Italian (Switzerland)                                   |
| it-IT  | Italian (Italy)                                         |
| ja     | Japanese                                                |
| ja-JP  | Japanese (Japan)                                        |
| ka     | Georgian                                                |
| ka-GE  | Georgian (Georgia)                                      |
| kk     | Kazakh                                                  |
| kk-KZ  | Kazakh (Kazakhstan)                                     |
| kn     | Kannada                                                 |
| kn-IN  | Kannada (India)                                         |
| ko     | Korean                                                  |
| ko-KR  | Korean (Korea)                                          |
| kok    | Konkani                                                 |
| kok-IN | Konkani (India)                                         |
| ky     | Kyrgyz                                                  |
| ky-KG  | Kyrgyz (Kyrgyzstan)                                     |
| lt     | Lithuanian                                              |
| lt-LT  | Lithuanian (Lithuania)                                  |
| lv     | Latvian                                                 |
| lv-LV  | Latvian (Latvia)                                        |
| mi     | Maori                                                   |
| mi-NZ  | Maori (New Zealand)                                     |
| mk     | FYRO Macedonian                                         |
| mk-MK  | FYRO Macedonian (Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia) |
| mn     | Mongolian                                               |
| mn-MN  | Mongolian (Mongolia)                                    |
| mr     | Marathi                                                 |
| mr-IN  | Marathi (India)                                         |
| ms     | Malay                                                   |
| ms-BN  | Malay (Brunei Darussalam)                               |
| ms-MY  | Malay (Malaysia)                                        |
| mt     | Maltese                                                 |
| mt-MT  | Maltese (Malta)                                         |
| nb     | Norwegian (Bokm?l)                                      |
| nb-NO  | Norwegian (Bokm?l) (Norway)                             |
| nl     | Dutch                                                   |
| nl-BE  | Dutch (Belgium)                                         |
| nl-NL  | Dutch (Netherlands)                                     |
| nn-NO  | Norwegian (Nynorsk) (Norway)                            |
| ns     | Northern Sotho                                          |
| ns-ZA  | Northern Sotho (South Africa)                           |
| pa     | Punjabi                                                 |
| pa-IN  | Punjabi (India)                                         |
| pl     | Polish                                                  |
| pl-PL  | Polish (Poland)                                         |
| ps     | Pashto                                                  |
| ps-AR  | Pashto (Afghanistan)                                    |
| pt     | Portuguese                                              |
| pt-BR  | Portuguese (Brazil)                                     |
| pt-PT  | Portuguese (Portugal)                                   |
| qu     | Quechua                                                 |
| qu-BO  | Quechua (Bolivia)                                       |
| qu-EC  | Quechua (Ecuador)                                       |
| qu-PE  | Quechua (Peru)                                          |
| ro     | Romanian                                                |
| ro-RO  | Romanian (Romania)                                      |
| ru     | Russian                                                 |
| ru-RU  | Russian (Russia)                                        |
| sa     | Sanskrit                                                |
| sa-IN  | Sanskrit (India)                                        |
| se     | Sami (Northern)                                         |
| se-FI  | Sami (Northern) (Finland)                               |
| se-FI  | Sami (Skolt) (Finland)                                  |
| se-FI  | Sami (Inari) (Finland)                                  |
| se-NO  | Sami (Northern) (Norway)                                |
| se-NO  | Sami (Lule) (Norway)                                    |
| se-NO  | Sami (Southern) (Norway)                                |
| se-SE  | Sami (Northern) (Sweden)                                |
| se-SE  | Sami (Lule) (Sweden)                                    |
| se-SE  | Sami (Southern) (Sweden)                                |
| sk     | Slovak                                                  |
| sk-SK  | Slovak (Slovakia)                                       |
| sl     | Slovenian                                               |
| sl-SI  | Slovenian (Slovenia)                                    |
| sq     | Albanian                                                |
| sq-AL  | Albanian (Albania)                                      |
| sr-BA  | Serbian (Latin) (Bosnia and Herzegovina)                |
| sr-BA  | Serbian (Cyrillic) (Bosnia and Herzegovina)             |
| sr-SP  | Serbian (Latin) (Serbia and Montenegro)                 |
| sr-SP  | Serbian (Cyrillic) (Serbia and Montenegro)              |
| sv     | Swedish                                                 |
| sv-FI  | Swedish (Finland)                                       |
| sv-SE  | Swedish (Sweden)                                        |
| sw     | Swahili                                                 |
| sw-KE  | Swahili (Kenya)                                         |
| syr    | Syriac                                                  |
| syr-SY | Syriac (Syria)                                          |
| ta     | Tamil                                                   |
| ta-IN  | Tamil (India)                                           |
| te     | Telugu                                                  |
| te-IN  | Telugu (India)                                          |
| th     | Thai                                                    |
| th-TH  | Thai (Thailand)                                         |
| tl     | Tagalog                                                 |
| tl-PH  | Tagalog (Philippines)                                   |
| tn     | Tswana                                                  |
| tn-ZA  | Tswana (South Africa)                                   |
| tr     | Turkish                                                 |
| tr-TR  | Turkish (Turkey)                                        |
| tt     | Tatar                                                   |
| tt-RU  | Tatar (Russia)                                          |
| ts     | Tsonga                                                  |
| uk     | Ukrainian                                               |
| uk-UA  | Ukrainian (Ukraine)                                     |
| ur     | Urdu                                                    |
| ur-PK  | Urdu (Islamic Republic of Pakistan)                     |
| uz     | Uzbek (Latin)                                           |
| uz-UZ  | Uzbek (Latin) (Uzbekistan)                              |
| uz-UZ  | Uzbek (Cyrillic) (Uzbekistan)                           |
| vi     | Vietnamese                                              |
| vi-VN  | Vietnamese (Viet Nam)                                   |
| xh     | Xhosa                                                   |
| xh-ZA  | Xhosa (South Africa)                                    |
| zh     | Chinese                                                 |
| zh-CN  | Chinese (S)                                             |
| zh-HK  | Chinese (Hong Kong)                                     |
| zh-MO  | Chinese (Macau)                                         |
| zh-SG  | Chinese (Singapore)                                     |
| zh-TW  | Chinese (T)                                             |
| zu     | Zulu                                                    |
| zu-ZA  | Zulu (South Africa)                                     |
